.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii g35drc.5
.TH g35d.rc 5 "MARCH 2012" Linux "g35d configuration file"
.SH NAME
/etc/g35d.rc
.SH DESCRIPTION
System-wide configuration and profiles for the Logitech G35 headset Linux
daemon. The configuration has two different levels:
.TP
.B "daemon configuration"
.TP
.B profiles
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B "daemon configuration (default values)"
.IP
.RS
.IP "daemon = false"
.RS
Run g35d as daemon. (Can be either "true" or "false")
.RE
.IP "pidfile = /var/run/g35d.pid"
.RS
Pid file to store daemon pid in.
.RE
.IP "uinput = /dev/uinput"
.RS
.I UINPUT
device for user-space key press event injection.
.RE
.IP "profile = Profile1"
.RS
Name of the default profile to load.
.RE
.IP "keymap ProfileName { ... }"
.RS
Button mappings are defined in this section. See
.IR profiles
for further details.
.RE
.RE
.TP
.B profiles - keymap configuration
.IP
Each
.I keymap
profile shoud have an unique name and the buttons are mapped by using the
numeric key. The key IDs can be found here:
.IR /usr/include/linux/input.h .
Bellow each possible button is listed with a suggested value, to map the
multimedia keys to the headset buttons.
.IP
.RS
.IP "G1 = 163"
.RS
Will map G1 to KEY_NEXTSONG.
.RE
.IP "G2 = 164"
.RS
Will map G2 to KEY_PLAYPAUSE.
.RE
.IP "G3 = 165"
.RS
Will map G3 to KEY_PREVOUSSONG.
.RE
.IP "VOL_DOWN = 114"
.RS
Will map wheel down to KEY_VOLUMEDOWN.
.RE
.IP "VOL_UP = 115"
.RS
Will map wheel up to KEY_VOLUMEUP.
.RE
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
The following example will illustrate the configuration syntax.

.RS
.nf
daemon = false
pidfile = "/tmp/g35d.pid"
uinput = "/dev/uinput"
profile = "Profile1"

keymap Profile1 {
    G1 = 163
    G2 = 164
    G3 = 165
    VOL_DOWN = 114
    VOL_UP = 115
}

keymap Profile2 {
    G1 = 59
    G2 = 60
    G3 = 61
    VOL_DOWN = 114
    VOL_UP = 115
}
.fi
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Julian Knauer
.MT jpk@goatpr0n.de
.ME
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR g35d (1)
