.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii g35d.1
.TH g35d 1 "MARCH 2012" Linux "Logitech G35 Headset - Linux user-space daemon"
.SH NAME
g35d \- G35 Linux user-space daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B g35d [-c config-file] [-d]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B g35d
will provide a tool to handle the events triggered by pressing the G-Buttons
and the microphone mute events by either changing the arm possition or pressing
the mute button itself. The daemon can map each button to a key event, for
example the multimedia keys for. The key mapping is read from a configuration
file
.BR g35d.rc (5).
It is also possible to have pre-configured button map
profiles.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-c/--config `config-file'"
Specify an alternate
.I config-file
to load upon daemon start instead of
.IR /etc/g35d.rc .
.IP -d/--daemon
Start
.IR g35d
as background daemon and detach from terminal.
.IP "-p/--profile `profile-name'"
The
.I config-file
can store multiple button mappings. By specifying a
.I profile-name
a profile is selected.
.IP "-u/--uinput `device-file'"
Manually specify the
.I uinput
device to use. Otherwise the default value
.IR /dev/uinput
is used.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/g35d.rc
.RS
System wide configuration with profiles and daemon default parameters. See
.BR g35d.rc (5)
for further details.
.RE
.SH BUGS
As the project and its components are still in an experimental state, there are
probably many issues to solve. If you have found a bug or a have feature
request, please visit the github project site
.UR https://\:github.com/\:jaypikay/\:g35d/\:issues
to post your report.
.UE
.SH AUTHOR
Julian Knauer
.MT jpk@goatpr0n.de
.ME
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR g35d.rc (5)
